feat: expose the sameSite value for cookies (#22789)
electron/electron: docs/api/cookies.md

  * `expirationDate` Double (optional) - The expiration date of the cookie as the number of
    seconds since the UNIX epoch. If omitted then the cookie becomes a session
    cookie and will not be retained between sessions.

>   * `sameSite` String (optional) - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy to apply to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `norestriction`, `lax` or `strict`.  Default is `norestriction`.

Reviewer: `no_restriction` (with an underscore) is the string used by the WebExtension API, should this API match that since it's already a convention? https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/cookies#type-SameSiteStatus

Author: @flotwig Thanks for the link, that's actually a good reason to put it back to having an underscore 👍

>   * `sameSite` String (optional) - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy to apply to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `norestriction`, `lax` or `strict`.  Default is `norestriction`.

Author: ```suggestion
  * `sameSite` String (optional) - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy to apply to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `no_restriction`, `lax` or `strict`.  Default is `no_restriction`.
```

>   * `sameSite` String (optional) - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy to apply to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `norestriction`, `lax` or `strict`.  Default is `no_restriction`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * `sameSite` String (optional) - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy to apply to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `norestriction`, `lax` or `strict`.  Default is `norestriction`.
```
